# GenerateTests

This package helps automate the creation of PHPUnit test files for your PHP project. It scans specified source directories for PHP files and generates corresponding test classes.

## Installation

To install the package, you’ll need [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/). Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
composer require stoufa06/generate-tests
```

## Usage

After installing the package, use the `generate-tests` script from the command line to generate test files for your source code.

### Command Line Options

The script supports several command line options to customize its behavior:

- `--src=<path>`: Specify the source directory containing the PHP files for which tests should be generated. Default is `src`. If a relative path is provided, it will be resolved using the base directory.

- `--tests=<path>`: Specify the output directory where the test files will be generated. Default is `tests`. If a relative path is provided, it will be resolved using the base directory.

- `--backup=<file>`: Specify a file containing a list of test files that should always be regenerated. Default is `backup_list.txt`.

- `--exclude=<file>`: Specify a file listing folders to exclude from test generation. Default is `excluded_folders.txt`.

- `--marker=<bool>`: Enable or disable the check for a specific marker in test files. By default, only files containing a '// Generated by script' comment will be regenerated if they already exist.

- `--baseDir=<path>`: Specify the base directory to resolve relative paths. Default is the current working directory. If provided, all relative paths for `src`, `tests`, `backup`, and `exclude` will be based on this directory.

### Example Usage

```bash
vendor/bin/generate-tests --src=src --tests=tests --backup=backup_list.txt --exclude=excluded_folders.txt --marker=1 --baseDir=/path/to/base
```

This command will generate test files for all PHP files within the `src` directory, output them to the `tests` directory, check against `backup_list.txt` and `excluded_folders.txt` for any specific rules, and regenerate any previously scripted files containing the marker.

## Contributing

Feel free to submit issues or pull requests. Contributions are welcome!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.
